Add size limitation for matched events (#274)
axiomhq/docs: monitor-data/match-monitors.mdx

Match monitors allow you to continuously filter your log data and send you matching events. Axiom sends a notification for each matching event. By default, the notification message contains the entire matching event in JSON format. When you define your match monitor using APL, you can control which event attributes to include in the notification message.

> Axiom recommends using match monitors for alerting purposes only. A match monitor can send 10 notifications per minute and 500 notifications per day. The maximum event size for including in a notification is 0.1MB; additional size limitations may be enforced depending on the type of notifier used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axiom recommends using match monitors for alerting purposes only. A match monitor can send 10 notifications per minute and 500 notifications per day. A notification can usually include events up to 0.1 MB but the maximum size can be smaller depending on the type of the notifier.
```
